What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
When you initialize a repository, you create one using the command "git init" you need to do this to get started.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
The staging area is a separate holding area from the working directory. Files come out of the working directory and then are put back in. The value here is that multiple files can be added to the staging area and committed at once.

Git add file_name
Git commit
Git status

Git diff --staged : shows the difference between the file in the staging area and repository

Git reset --hard : removes all changes from the working directory and staging area, IS NOT REVERSIBLE!

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
The staging area can hold multiple files so if you have multiple files in this area that are affected by the same logical change, you can commit them all at once.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
Branches would be helpful when looking at different languages or when trying an experiment or perhaps creating another version for an a/b test. Branches help because you have two different versions, and if the experiment fails, you still have the original file. Create a new branch anytime you're starting a new feature. This allows you to start dev on a new feature and then go back and fix a bug on the main branch without losing any of your work.

Running git checkout -b new_branch_name is the same as running:
  - git branch new_branch_name
  - git checkout new_branch_name

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
The diagrams help to visualize branch structure because you can't actually see what's happening in git. Therefore, these conceptual maps help you to understand what is happening and develop a mental model.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
The result of merging two branches is one branch with all of the combined changes based on what the parent was (ie. adding/removing lines of code). We represent it in the diagram this way because the files diverge at a specific point and then converge at the point of merging.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
Automatic merging is good because it speeds up the process, but it could make mistakes. Merging manually would probably catch more mistakes, but it's more time consuming.

Repos will only sync with commits (not staging or working dir)






